Que-1. What is Virtual DOM ?
Ans- The Virtual DOM (VDOM) is an in-memory representation of Real DOM. The representation of a UI is kept in memory and synced with the "real" DOM. It's a step that happens between the render function being called and the displaying of elements on the screen. This entire process is called reconciliation. (or) DOM is a document object model, created by converting HTML CSS and JS Real DOM, which is an object which gets created whenever any React application gets loaded on the screen for the first time., whenever React components gets mounted on the screen for the first time. Now when any user makes any changes on the screen like button click because of which the state variable will get updated so in this case the changes will not directly go to Real DOM , instead in react we have concept known Virtual DOM. So we are having two virtual doms, one virtual dom gets created at the time of mounting of react component so it is a copy of your real dom. Another virtual dom is the dom which contains the new changes, updated state variables values. Now these two virtual doms will get compared with each other and will check for the new changes. this complete procedure is known as diffing algorithm. Now the new changes will be updated in your Real dom. this procedure is known as Recoinciliation.


Que-2.What is SPA?
Ans- SPA stand for Single Page Application. It is a very common way of programming websites these days.
When you navigate the browser will only re-render the context without refreshing the website.
THis means that URL of your website will not change completely (page will not reload), instead it will keep getting context and rewriting the DOM with the instead of loading a new page.


Que-3.What is the difference between Class And Functional componenets ?
Ans- Class Components- i.A Class component requires you to extend from React. Component & create a render funtion which returna a react element.
ii. It requires different syntax inside a class component to implement Hooks.
iii. Constructor are used as it needs to store state. 

Exa-- constructor (props){
      super (props);
      this.state = {name:" "}
}

Functional Components - i.A functional component is just plain javascript pure function that accepts props as ana argument & returns a reach element.
ii.In functional component, there is no render method is used.
iii. Hooks can be easily used in functional component to make them useful.
iv. Constructor are not used.

Exa -- const [name,setName] = useState('');

In general, Functional component ar faster than Class component.


Que-4.What does mean by state & its use in react?
Ans-i. React components has built in state object.
ii. The state object is where you store property values that belongs to the component.
iii. When the state object changes the component re-renders.

React uses an observable object as the state that observes what changes are made to the state & help the component behave accordingly.
For Exa-- If we update the state of any component like the following the web page will not re-render itself.Because react state will not be able to detect the changes mode.


Que-5.What is JSX & why do we use it instead of JS?
Ans-- JSX stand for Javascript XML. It is simply a syntax extension of javascript. It allows us to directly write HTML in react (with in javascript code). It is easy to create a templete using JSX in react, but it is not simple template language instead it comes with the full power of Javascript.

It is faster than normal javascript as it performs optimizations while translating to regular javascript.
Instead of separating the mark-up & logic is separated files React uses components for this purpose.


Que-6.What is Package.json ?
Ans-- This file plays a very important role in the react application development & deployment.

Package.json = Metedata associated with project + All dependencies with version + scripts 